oh my god this sucks I'm having major
malfunctions with my stupid camera right
now so hopefully this works
and I'm sorry I know there's a total lag
I'm actually thinking about asking my
husband for a camera for Christmas so
that I can actually make some good
YouTube videos and my lips match up with
the words that are coming out of my
mouth anyway today is let's see here
Sunday November 24th tomorrow will be 9
week since my surgery and I'm feeling
great
back to feeling almost completely normal
today I am very sore I've started
sleeping back down on the couch again I
don't because the loveseat the angle
with my legs being up and everything so
I don't know I am still taking my pain
meds when I start to feel really sore
because it is helping keep everything
under control and I feel more
comfortable so I'm still personally
taking the pain meds and they feel good
so whatever I take them sorry
and correctly we're in my little bedroom
upstairs that I have don't mind all the
boxes
those are might have been oh darn it my
still recording oh sorry anyway so don't
mind the mess in here it's under
construction sorry about the messy
closet and everything as well um so my
next appointment is December 2nd and
that's when I go in I haven't been to
the doctor since October I think but
anyway seeing everything seems to be
good um I still love my stomach it's
just funny to me oh I've started wearing
jeans again I can wear jeans they fit
over my little compression thingy I am
still wearing that all the time going to
him I don't where it is when I'm in the
shower and when I'm getting ready in the
morning but even then it feels weird not
to have not but that's just me
personally I'm I know there are people
there are girls or guys for that matter
who stop wearing it just a few weeks
after and my dog is going crazy outside
anyways so let's get to it and I guess I
will show you my stomach I handle on
jeans and my dog decided to have an
accident on the floor and I kneeled in
it so I had to take my jeans off and
they're currently in the washer still
I'm in my yoga pants right now
whoo okay this is gonna make that loud
noise when I'm sorry
Oh Oh my tummy is rumbling there we go
there's my stomach and it feels so good
to have a bitches into the gym five
and hopefully you can you can tell maybe
it's too bright in here
and on the other side
my belly button
and I don't know if you guys can hear my
dog he's going crazy in the background
so I better cut it short so anyways that
was my tummy the incision and everything
seems to be going good for me so far I
feel good but like I said I do still
take my pain meds when I start to feel
uncomfortable on that help so and again
I'm so sorry cuz I can see myself
starting to lag and I god this is just
horrible quality so I apologize but I
hope you get the dread what's the right
word anyway
you understand right you've got to see
what you wanted to see was just my
stomach and what it looks like nine
weeks out right alright if you guys have
any questions um leave them for me below
make sure you like this video so that
it'll show up more in the newsfeed so
that other people maybe can watch it and
see and it might be able to help them
with what they wonder what it's gonna
look like a few weeks down the line
after having a tummy tuck and gastric
bypass and like I said if you guys have
questions leave me comments below and I
will try to get back to you and I guess
that's it I need to go make sure my dog
snake day out of the gate I keep looking
outside to try to see if they're out
front and makes me nervous cuz we have
two Rowdies in my chihuahua and a digger
the Chihuahua is the digger
and I could hear her out there barking
so gotta cut it short never mind here
they all come
huh you see him what are you guys doing
mmm they know they're in trouble okay
guys well I guess I will talk to you
later and that's it